{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2709
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs10\fsmilli5333 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Sit down and close your eyes. Notice what you experience in your mind and body. Thoughts, feelings and physical sensations. See if you can let it be as it is. Observe, Accept and then Let go. Focus on your belly and follow each breath.
\f1\fs24 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs10\fsmilli5333 \cf0 Sit down and look at an object - carefully without touching it Focus on your body sensations - the pressure of the chair, the touch of the clothes Listen - what do you hear? Reflect on what you have just experienced - the object, body sensations, sounds.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs10\fsmilli5333 Sit down and close your eyes. Concentrate on breathing through your nose. Take three conscious breaths.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs10\fsmilli5333 Sit down and close your eyes. Imagine you are sitting by a running water where leaves are floating by. When you have thoughts that grab your attention - imagine that you are putting them on a leaf floating by on the water
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs10\fsmilli5333 Sit down and close your eyes. Observe your breathing and let thoughts come and go. When a thought comes up, follow it for a while and then try to let it go and think about your breathing.
\f1\fs24 \
}